1741	of his charging to the Profit of England the Damage we have done the Enemy, without gaining one Shilling Advantage to ourselves, and letting an exorbitant Value upon our real Gains. From all which Articles he deducts the Sum of 786,700l. Now when this Sum is deducted from 1,617,400 l., which is the Sum total of our Profit, by the hireling Author's own Account, there will remain but 830,700 l. which is the highest our Profit by the War can be reckon'd to amount to, even supposing that he is right in all his other Articles of Profit; and as it is before shewn, that we have loft by Captures and Seizures at least 1,103,500 l. the Balance is 2,72,800 l. against us, instead of being 1,005,400 l. in our Favour ; which I believe is far from being made good to Great Britain by the Ships we have taken from the Enemy, since this Author closed Account.
1741	for, so far as I can learn, I do not find that Those whose Duty it was, have ever once consulted with the Merchants, either about the proper Seasons for sending out Convoys, or the proper Stations for our Cruisers; for if the Trade and Navigation of Great Britain be not a Subject worthy of a Parliamentary Concern, I do not know what Subject is.
1745	We now think ourselves at the Eve of some great Event; for if Count Traun, whose Army had not yet begun its March the 14th of May, of May, advances towards the Main, there must be a bloody battle, which will in all Probability decide the Election of an Emperor. If the Austrians prove victorious, the French will be obliged to evacuate the Empire, and the Grand Duke will be immediately chosen Emperor ; on the contrary, if the French win the Battle, the Election will be postponed for along while, or at least, they will not suffer the Grand Duke to be elected.
1745	We also expect every Day some extraordinary News from Silesia which Province the Austrian and Saxon Troops must have entered e’er now. It is not doubt that Prince Charles will attack the King of Prussia with the first favourable Opportunity; but at the same Time it is very provable that his Prussian Majesty will act only on the Defensive and avoid Battle as long as he can.
1745	Extract of a Letter from a Minister. in the French Interest at the Hague, dated May 28 The Regiments of Guelderland, and another belonging to this Republick, which were accused to not charging the Enemy, but on the contrary of turning Tail, have been len to Mons, the other Troops having refused to serve with them; the Colonel of one of thole Regiments has withdrawn himself, and the Major is under Arrest. Two Battalions of Sturler have been brought from Mons to supply their Piace in the Army. To do Justice to brave Swiffers, they would suffer these runaway Regiments to approach them.
1745	According to Advices from Germany, a Rupture between the Courts of Dresden and Berlin is at Hand : The Prussian Troops that were encamped near Magdebourg have already passed the Elbe in order to draw near the Frontiers of Saxony, and make an Irruption into that Electorate as soon as they hear that the Saxon Troops have entered Silesia.
1745	A new Draught of ten Men out of everyCompany of the threeRegiments of Foot Guards now in London will speedily be made, and the Men sent to the Allied Army in Flanders. Yesterday 100 Matroffes were draughted out of the Train at Woolwich, in order to be sent to Flanders, whose Vacancies are to be filled up immediately. The lord Bury(Son to the Right Hon. the Earl of Albemarke and Capt. Perry, of the Scotch Regiment of Foot Guards, are both appointed by his Royal Highness the Duke of Cumberland,Colonels in the said Regiment.
1745	According to private Letters from Petersburg, the Czarinahas caused the Dutch Ambassador Extraordinary to be informed, that as soon as the Marriage between the Grand Prince and Princess is solemnized, and some other Measures consequent therefrom are fixed, her Imperial Majesty will take such Steps for facilitating the Restoration of the Peace and Balance of Power in Europe, as shall be perfectly agreeable to the Queen of Hungary and the Maritime Power.
1745	We have Intelligence, that the Dutch Court Martial, of which Major General Veldrman was President, has sentenced Lieutenant General Appius to be shot at the Head of the Army; and it is believed this Sentence has been already put in Execution.
1745	By Letters from Dresden we are told, M. de Vaugrenan, the French Minister, did not seem at all surprised at the Conclusion of the Convention between the Courts of Vienna and Dresden, but contended himself with saying, his Master did not pretended to hinder that the German States from forging or riveting their own Chains; but that whenever they found themselves again oppressed by that House, they would do well to carry their complaints elsewhere, since they would listened to at Versailles.
1794	II. I proceed now to confider 2dly, in what way fouls may be won?i . By the metaphorical expression here used, in the original, the wife man seems to allude to the catching of birds or fish, or the taking of a city strongly fortified. And perhaps without incurring the danger of being deemed very fanciful, I might make use of these comparisons to illustrate my subjects. I might observe, that the minds of men while in their natural flat, like birds, are light, inconstant and trifling, wing'd indeed, furnished with affections, that they may ascend towards heaven, but loading those affections with thick clay, with the love of fin and vanity, of money, honour, pleasure ; with worldly desires and cares, and sinking down to earth, in consequence of which, they are entangled in the mud and filth of it, and " caught alive in the snares of the Devil, and led captive by him at his will."
1744	When your Hearers have been well harrowed, and the clumps begin to fall, (which is seen by their hanging down the head) then bring out your CHRIST, and bring him out from the heart, thro' the lips, and tasting of his Grace while you publish it. Now lay open the Saviour's Almighty Power to soften the heart, and give it true repentance ; to bring Pardon to the broken heart, and the Spirit of Prayer to the prayerlefs heart ; Holiness to the filthy heart ; and Faith to the unbelieving heart. Let them know that all the Treasures of Grace are lodged in Jesus Christ, for the use of poor needy sinners ; Farmers and Country People chop at that. Here you must wave the Gospel Flag, and magnify the Saviour proudly ; speak with a full mouth. Exhort the people to seek his Grace directly, constantly, and diligently ; and acquaint them that all who thus seek, shall find the Salvation of GOD. When breaktast and morning family prayer are over, go away directly, thai the house may be at liberty.
1744	Berlin, March 24. Preparations of War are begun again within these few Weeks all over Prussia, notwithstanding which, Count Donha, Minister from his Majesty at the Court of Vienna,has very lately given fresh Assurances to the Queen of Hungary, not to the Queen of Hungary, not to take any Umbrage at his Prussian Majesty; and that tho' he has declar'd to the Minister from the Court of Francfort, that he does not disapprove the assembling an Army, in the Empire, yet he will not furnish any more than Contingent towards it.
1744	Marseilles, March 23. The 17th instant. three of our Gallies sailed for Toulon, and four more are sitting out. Thirty small Veffels,which have been taken up for the King's Service, are also gone thither, in order to transport the Spanish Troops to Monaco. Don Philip likewise went from Aix the 22d instant, tu the said Place.
1744	Parte, April 3. Several Ships are building in all the Ports of this Kingdom; and we learn from Brest, thai they are repairing and augmenting the Squadron there, in order to enable it forthwith to put to Sea.
1744	Lille, April 4. Marshal Noailles is just arriv'd in this City, where great Numbers of Men come every Day from Dunkirk, most of whom are sick of the Fatigues they under­ went during the short time they were at Sea.
1794	Liege April 3. By Letters from the Frontiers there is Advice, that the French Intendant has given Orders for tracing out a Camp near Givet for 10000 Men; that the Garrison of that Place will consist of 6000, and that a considerable Number of Troops will be cantoned along the Frontier from Givet to Valenciennes. Five Battalions are marched from the Upper Maeze by way of Marienburgh towards Landrecis, where the French are preparing to assemble the Bulk of their Army.
1744	Hague,April 7. The Preparations both by Sea andLand arc pushed on here with all possible Diligence; and it is expected that the new Admirals of the three Colleges of Holland will be named the End of this Week.
1744	From the Time that we found ourselves obliged, for the Maintenance of the just Rights of our Subjects, to enter into a W a r with Spain ; instead o f observing a strict Neutrality, which we might have promised ourselves on the Part of the French King, from whom we were even founded by Treaty to Give demanded Assistance, he has given Encouragement and Support to our Enemies, by conniving at his Subjects acting, as Privateers, under Spanish Commissions, both in Europe and America;
1744	On Saturday Night their Royal Highness the Prince and Princess of Wales came to Leicester-House At the New Wells in Goodman's Fields, this present Evening, will be perform’d a new Entertainment in Grotesque Characters,call'd The Magician or,the Country Revels. We shall perform every Night during the Summer Season, and every one will be admitted for a Pint of Wine as usual.
1800	The military ardor, for which some nations are distinguished,can ill brook the idea of vassalage,attached to suspicion of the conquered, whilst the many who prefer the army to labour and to the number of disaffected, who, if properly managed and disciplined would augment the strength and glorify of the realm. Upon these principles, we are gratified to team, that our Government' is about ,to take into its service, at the Cape, a number of the Boors, a hardy race, inhabiting part of the interior, about 200 leagues from our principal settlement; and who from being highly amenable to authority, promise to become valuable soldiers.
1800	T. Dean, the shopman to Mr. Price, a Jeweller, in Oxford-street was indicted for stealing a pair of silver shoe-buckles from-his master's shop—-he was suspected, and his box was searched and the property found they were a pair of old unfashionable buckles. The prisoner said - he took them to sell to a young man, a friend of his,who wanted to buy a pair of silver buckles cheap, but his friend not liking them, it was his intention to have put them where he took them from; it appeared he had access to the shew glass but was not in trusted,to sell anything. The Jury, after consulting a quarter of an hour,found him guilty,but recommended him to mercy.
1800	The celebrated Guido, from the Florentine Gallery,has escaped the Gallic plunders, and is arrived in safety at the European Museum, St. James’s-square.
1800	It being considered that the interests o f the Nabob Saadul Ally and the English are the same, it has been agreed to by the Nabob, that all correspondence between him and any native or foreign Power or State, shall be carried on only, with the knowledge and concurrence of the Company; duplicates of which, correspondence will be regularly transmitted to Government.
1800	Naseer Khaun, who possesses great part of the mountainous, country which separates Persia from Hindostan, it is said, has refused to acknowledge the authority of the reigning' Monarch of Pattan. Numbers of the petty Princes and Chiefs have likewise shewn symptoms of disaffection. This Sovereign was formerly accounted one of the richest in the East,from the wealth he acquired by plundering, alternately, t h e frontiers o f Persia, and Hindostan. There was formerly a great sale of woollen in his 'country, but the consumption at present, is very inconsiderable; and the power of the neighbouring Princes having checked the depredations of this people, they are rapidly sinking into decay.
1800	A report some time since prevailed in India,that a vast quantity of treasure had been deposit by Tippoo in excavations of the rocks in the large fort of Locilly, near the banks of the Cavery, and of which General Harris unexpectedly took possession on his route to Seringapatam. A most anxious search ensued,and,each part of those extensive caverns were explored, but no purpose. It is customary with the Indian Princes in cases of exigency,to bury their wealth in out forts ; it is still thought the Sultan did so, and that large stores are yet undiscovered; we hope such is the fact for the gallant conquerors of Mysore, cannot be too well rewarded; but we fear Tippoo was too confident in the strength of his capital to resort to any expedient of that nature.
1800	The Hon. W . Hawke, of Womersley, supplies his poor labourers with wheat at 7 s . per bushel, being considerably less than half the current price of the neighbouring markets. The Leicester Provision Committee induced within the last three weeks a supply of nearly 1000 quarters of foreign wheat into their market; the average price was 112s. per quarter; English Wheat at the same time, sold at 110S to 145s. 6d.
1800	The Cattle in Norway are principally fed during the winter with the leaves of trees, which had been collected as they fell, and dried in the sun, or on slow kilns; and could, at this period of aHedged scarcity, form in this country an excellent substitute for the accustomed fodder;
1800	Some days since a couple went to be married in the church of a village in Northamptonshire; from some accidental delays, the morning was far advanced before they reach the altar, the ceremony, however, commenced, till the dread affirmative was quivering on the Virgin’s. when the clock struck twelve, the scrupulous Divine immediately unrobed, and deaf to the prayers of the ardent anxious bridegroom refused, to finish the rites, the congregation was dismissed and the demi-wedded pair were obliged to defer till the next day, the completion of their nuptials
1800	A servant al Lancaster has been fined, and sentenced to twelve months imprisonment for charging a higher price to his master for some hay, which he was employed to purchase, than he gave for it; and the seller of the hay,in having connived at the fraud, has been considered as an accomplice, and sentenced to 9 months imprison­ment. These convictions, we hope, will tend to repress the petty peculations daily practised b y some servants.
1800	A man of genteel appearance was on Wednesday committed to Exeter gaol for trial on a charge of having forged acceptance to bills drawn on several respectable houses in London.
1800	The wife of a woolcomber at Plymouth, named Fossey, was last week delivered of three seven-months children; they were christened but are since dead.
1800	A considerable alarm was occasioned on Tuesday night at Garratt; by a fire which broke out in the oil and lead mills of Messrs. Wares, and, from the quantity of combustables threatened to destroy at least these extensive premises. The Wandsworth Volunteers assembled at the instant,by beat of drum, on their parade, and with the neighbouring inhabitant is fortunately succeeded in extinguishing the flames before' the damage exceeded 600l.
1800	MILITIA SOCIETY OFFICE, JONES and LUCAS, Trea­surers, N o . 1, the corner House in York-street, Covent-garden, London. first established, Nov. 1G, 1779. This Society, insures Persons against serving in the "Militia,that maybe drawn by virtue and under the Direction of the now existing Acts of Parliament,who are resident in London and Westminster and with in the distance of 30 miles of the Bills of Mortality, from this time to the 1st day of November, at the Premium of One Guinea,for persons not worth 500l. and others who are worth the afore said Sum, on paying the Premium of Two Guineas, their attendance (when drawn) will not be required. No connection with any other Office.
1800	Consumption Epileptic Fits Gout Ague Kentish Fevers &C. Cured.—Let the people say what they please,success will be always praiseworthy . Any person afflicted with whatsoever of the above disorder either recent or inveterate may be safely cured with easy and infallible remedies in less than a month by applying in person or directing letter (post paid) to Dr. MARCAD, No. 89, East-street, Manchester-square, who attends in town or country.
1800	WAVTED, in the Country, a single, active YOUNG MAN,as Shopman to an Wholesale Grocer; he must b e perfect Master of the business, as well as understand accounts.—Application by letter, post paid, to Y . Z . No. 2, Castle-Court, Lawrence-lane, will be attended to .
1800	The Royalty Theatre, Welictase Square, under the management of Mr. Astley , jun brings forward To-morrow Evening another splendid change of Entertainments ; particularly for the first time at this Theatre the grand spectacle of the Bridal Spectre, the celebrated song of the Jew or the Creed of Sheva by Mr. Wallack The History of Seven Wife by Johannot; a beautiful ballet called Vineward and a variety of other amusements, for the pleasure and entertainment of the numerous inhabitants in the East.
1800	It is a, fact, which,deserve to be known, that some Gentlemen bought at Smithfield market on Monday twelve fat sheep, for the purpose of ascertaining the price at which their meat could afford to be sold and upon average it cost only fourpence halfpenny per pound.
1891	THE people are not to be diverted by this attempt to ring in personalities on private citizens. They see that the cause of the whiskyites is becoming more desperate every day, and that Clarke is gaining strength every day at a rate which may well dismay men who can see, as well as a politically blind mole like Colonel O. E. Learnard.
1891	ONE of the Boston daily papers was recently paid $750 and other considerations to suppress an article which it had prepared criticising the Georgia-Alabama Investment & Development Company. The United States Investor has obtained the manuscript of the suppressed article and it will be printed in full in that periodical of Saturday, October 10.
1891	The Paying Vocation or a Harvard College GraduateI have saved visitors to this city a good many dollars, and in many cases have got them out of tight places where they would have a lot of trouble alone. When they go with me they don't wind up in a police court. Well, it was laziness, I guess. I am a graduate of Harvard, and I couldn't bring myself to sit on a clerk's chair all day long. I can easily make thirty-five dollars a week, and gentlemen are frequently so delighted with their experiences that they give me fifteen or twenty dollars more than the original c price agreed upon. I have made as much as one hundred and fifteen dollars s a wok—that was during the Centennial i celebration."—N.Y. World.
1891	IN some respects social life in Germany at the present day affords a fairly accurate picture of social life in England nearly a century ago. The dinner- hour is a case in point, says a writer In Cornhill Magazine. No highly civilized nation dines heavily in tho middle of tho day, and the.n curls itself up to sleep for the best part of the afternoon. Tho Germans, however, cling together “Mittagessen," and It would, perhaps, be awkward to alter the time of the meal, since that would necessitate the invention of a new word for "dinner." In more aristocratic German circles the dinner-hour varies from three to five, a custom that reminds one of the abnormally long- evenings and endless "round games" enjoyed by Jane Austen's heroines. Worst of all, however, are the formal entertainments in Germany,such as the,"Tafel," given,fortunately, only on grand occasions, such as a silver wedding, christening or birthday. Dinner usually begins at three or four o'clock, and continues with slight interruptions of singing, acting and speech making, until twelve o'clock the next morning. Our English dinner parties, even at the worst and dreariest early Victorian era, could never have attained such dimensions, if only from the fact that neither English tongues nor English stomachs can stand the same amount of wear and tear as their German equivalents.
1891	he usually strict railroad rules were not enforced on the express train that came Into New London, Conn., the other day. When the car inspectors got to work on tho train, one of thomen discovered, lying on the truck, a large cat of fierce demcanor and so dusty that its natural color could not be ascertained. Some friendly overtures were made, and rejected with hisses and yowls, so the conductor concluded to let tho cat tramp continue her a ride unmolested. He told the train-men, of Its presence, and they kept watch at the stations at which the train stopped; but the cat never left its perch until the train rolled into the station. then it fled as if going to sees near relation. It is believed that the animal got on the car at Boston.
1891	Cooking Stove that will not do good work is like a plow that will not scour. It is worthless. There are hundreds of cooking stove now in use in Douglas county and vicinity that I sold more than 20years ago, but none better than the Cinderella. During the past seven years 1have sold more than three hundred of thorn. All who are using them speak of them in the high- eat terms. What they say of them: York Davenport, of Leavenworth county, says: "In 18S4 I bought from you a- Cinderella stove for coal. To this time it has not cost me one cent for repairs. It works tine; I consider it a first class stove in every respect."
1891	Sample Bottle mailed Free to any lady on receipt of 10 cents in stamps to pay for postage and packing.Lady agents wanted
1891	Cures the worst cases of Freckles. Sun- burn, Sallowness. Month-patches. Pimples and all skin blemishes. Price S1-5O. Harmless and effective. No sample can be sent. -Lady agents wanted.The Druggists in this town who first orders a bill of my preparations will have his name added to this advertisement.
1891	Act on a new principle—regulating the liver, stomach and bowels through the nerves. A new discovery. Dr. Miles' Pills speedily cure billiousness, bad taste, torpid liver, piles, constipation. Unequaled for men, women, children. Smallest, mildest, surest! 60 doses, 25 cts. .Something new: the Prairie Queen cigar at Leis drug store. Best 5cents cigar in town. Try it.
1891	The Santa Fe route Excursion will sell round trip excursion tickets as follows:PARSONS $3.61.Oct. 20-14, good for return including Oct. 25.DALLAS, TEXAS $16.65.Oct. 15, 20, 24 and 28, good for return until Nov. 4. GEO. C. BAILEY, Agent.Shiners and daubers with good shoe blacking at Raymond’s.
1891	Advices from Panama are to the effect that government affairs In British Honduras are in a troubulous condition. After a long struggle between the government and the popular element of the legislature the representatives vacated their seats in a body. Matters have been placed before the British government for settlement.
1891	New York Wm. J. Davidson, a Hebrew, wedded Miss L. Cunningham, Gentile.Western Kansas is considering a proposition of Rainmaker Melbourne to water 2,000,000 acres at 10 cents an acre.As the result of a row-between the classes of Hanover college at Madison, Ind., an attempt was made to lynch Jesse Bowman.The public bath houses in Boston were patronized by 1.014,783 persons the past season. There were 836.008 males and 17S.702 females.
1891	Chicago Oct. 10.—A type-setting machine contest will take place in the Evening Post building. The machines which will compete are the Mergenthaler lino type, the Rogers typograph, the McMillen tvpe-setting machine and the St. John typobar.
1891	TORY LEADERS WORRIED The Question of Government Head In the Commons Causing Perplexity.LOXDOX, Oct 10.—The liberals earnestly desire to see Mr. Goschen succeed Mr. Smith as conservative loader In the house of commons, knowing that he would soon be at loggers with the house and that they could rely on bis conduct as a leader to precipitate a dissolution of parliament.Private representations have been made to Lord Salisbury by an important group of conservative members who insist that Mr. Balfour, chief secretary for Ireland, alone can command the united support of the party, but are willing to accept the leadership of Sir Michael Hicks-Beach, president of the board of trade, it the existing cabinet arrangements render the appointment of Mr. Balfour inopportune.The whole official circle is said to concur in the desirability that Sir Michael Hicks- Beach succeed to the leadership. Mr. Balfour himself advocates his appoint- meet and says that his own hands are too full with the Irish government bill. Lord Salisbury keeps silent on the ultimate decision, dreading a broach with Mr. Goschen and the unionists, and he equally fears the exasperation of the conservatives if he places Mr. Goschen in charge.
1891	Receipts at Chicago to-day. Wheats 206 cars; corn, fil; oats, 181 cars.Estimated receipts to-morrow. Wheat, 400 cars; corn, 85 cars; oats, 235 cars; hogs, 16,000 head.Kansas City.KANSAS.S CITT, Oct. 10.—The local wheat market was not quite so strong to-day as yesterday. The receipts were 122 cars and there pas some talk of probable increased receipts next week.
1891	The first thing a woman does when she falls in lore is to begin to write love letters, regardless of grammar and spelling. She is to such haste, says the Chicago Herald, to tell him how she loves him that she hasn't time to consult a dictionary; hence her heart "yearns," her soul "palpertetes," her whole being is “drownded" in a sweet sorrow, etc. The fact of the matter is, according to our expert, whether they spell their language correctly or not women cannot write such good love letters as the men, and when I say love letters I mean love poets, too. True, a woman wrote "Corinne," but no woman could have written "Werther."
1891	Once in a while a hospital gets a nurse who is full of mischief whoso capers keep the whole staff on the lookout for practical jokes. And one of this kind, Miss II, was a few years ago in one of the largest of local institutions. At that lime, says tho Philadelphia Inquirer, a visiting physician on duty was a very swell young M. D., who often made his rounds after supper arrayed in a dress suit. Miss II—— didn't like this and thought up a scheme to remedy it. One of the patients was a man, who entered into the secret, and Miss II— - rubbed upon his wrists and hands n coating of vaseline. Pretty soon tho swell young practitioner put in an appearance, dressed for a dance. He saw his other patients and then visited the man referred to. The doctor wore the thinnest of dainty white.gloves, and after feeling the sick man's pulse, was surprised to find them covered with a greasy substance. lie raised a row about it, but nobody would discipline Miss II , and it was noticed that the doctor never appeared at this hospital afterward in a dress suit.
1891	"We desire to say to our citizen, that for years we have been selling Dr.King's New Discovery for Consumption, Dr. King's New Life Pills. Bucklen's Arnica Salve and Electric Bitters, I and have never handled remedies that sell as well. or that have never given such universal satisfaction. We do hot hesitate to guarantee' them every time and we stand ready to refund the purchase price, if satisfactory results do not follow their use. These remedies have won their great popularity purely on their merit.
1891	There is a theory evolved by a French scientist to the effect that tho human. race is diminishing In size and will finally become microscopic and vanish into thin air. He says that statistics from the days of the giants to the present time prove that man is getting smaller and shorter and more diminutive live in every way. By an ingenious j calculation he discovers the rate of reduction and tells just how many thousands years it will take to make people so small that they will be.out of sight
1891	LOXDOX, Oct 10.—The liberals earnestly desire to see Mr. Goschen succeed Mr. Smith as conservative loader In the house of commons, knowing that he would soon be at loggers with the house and that they could rely on bis conduct as a leader to precipitate a dissolution of parliament. .Private representations have been made to Lord Salisbury by an important group of conservative members who insist that Mr. Balfour, chief secretary for Ireland, alone can command the united support of the party, but are willing to accept the leadership of Sir Michael Hicks-Beach, president of the board of trade, it the existing cabinet arrangements render the appointment of Mr. Balfour inopportune.The whole official circle is said to concur in the desirability that Sir Michael Hicks- Beach succeed to the leadership. Mr. Balfour himself advocates his appoint- meet and says that his own hands are too full with the Irish government bill. Lord Salisbury keeps silent on the ultimate decision, dreading a broach with Mr. Goschen and the unionists, and he equally fears the exasperation of the conservatives if he places Mr. Goschen in charge.
1891	We have a fine assortment of White Goods for Aprons at 1oc, 15c, 2oc and 25c; also a good stock of Aprons made upat 25c, 35c, 50c and up.W e offer the best fittingCorset in this market at 50cand $1.00, they are great—ask to see them.
1891	Don't fail to hear Liberati with his famous band to-night at the opera house. Popular prices. Fresh milch cow for sale, 1120 Rhode Island street. Jamova has arrived at I.C.G.Can you shave yourself with your razor? If not give it to the family for a corn knife and get one of those new ones at Raymond's drug store. Every one warranted. $1.20. Return of the great Virtuoso with his famous band under the auspices of the First Regiment Band, at the opera house to-night.Everybody likes Raymond's tooth picks. 5c. per box.
1891	Quick changes and fall of temperature;, can be expected this season. Look out for colds and coughs. Nothing better than" Raymond's family cough syrup, Only 23cents per bottle. Herter sells fine spectacle at $1.
1891	Red Blankets $1.98 a pair. White Blankets 690 a pair.Bed Comforts 690 each. Heavy Knit Skirts 690 each.. Heavy Ribbed Vests 190 each. Heavy, all wool Ladies' Hose 190...Heavy Camel's Hair Men's Undershirts 39C -A. Ladies’ Plush Jackets $5.00.Best and cheapest Cloak stock.See our Millinery. We are selling lots of it—because our prices are lowest. Until all are sold Nelly. Lace Curtains 69c a pair.
1749	We have Advice, that the Enemy meditate a new enterprise, which is to be conducted by M. de Roquepine, and is thought to be designed against Solel and Campo Freddo. Pinto however continues to fortify this Town and Castle. The Enemy are entering at Voltri four Nights ago carried off our Guard.
1749	Tuesday last the great Affair was settled by which it was agreed, that the Conferences shall be opened here in three Weeks, for bringing about with all practicable speed a general Pacification, and that this might be the more easily effected we are told, that the principal powers have settled nine provisional Points.
1749	This Lord Is soon expected to return here, where Van Haaren arrived Yesterday. namely about Cape Breron and Dunkirk; the I owCountries and Luxemburg , Savoy and the Establishment for Don Philips the Acknowledgement of the Emperor, and about what had been stipulated before in relation to Lorrain ; and lastly, about the Restitution of the Conquered Countries to be effected by an equal and just Regulation between the Parties concerned. As to any thing else, except the siege of Maestricht, which goes on, nothing will happen between the two Armies, before a Suspension of Arms takes place : The Empress, by some facilitating Means for Accommodation, has contributed much to the salutary Work of a Peace. The Convention is to be ratified in three Weeks.
1928	HENRIETTA. Feb. 24.—The citizen of Clay county are declaring war on rats. In this county-wide campaign, liberal prize of $150 will be given to the school boys and girls killing the greatest number of rats. To the one having the largest number of rat will receive $20in cash; second prize is $15: and third prize will be $10 in cash. The county commissioners bought the poison and it is being given free to any wishing to willing to help rid the county of the rodents.
1711	I remember two young Fellows who rid in the same Squadron of a Troop of Horse who were who together: they eat, they drank, they inseagued ; in a Word, all their Passions and Affections seem'd to tend the same Way, and they appear'd serviceable to each other in them. We were in the Dusk of the Evening to march over a River, and the Troop these Gentlemen belong­ed to were to be transported in a Ferry-boat as fast as they could. One of the Friends Was now in the Boat,while the other was drawn up with others by the Water-side waiting the Return of the Boat. A Disorder happened in the Passage by an unruly Horse and a Gentleman who had the Rein of his Horse negligently under his Arm was forced into the Water by his Horse's jumping over. The Friend on the Shore cry'd our, whose that is drowned trow ? He was immediately answered, your Friend Harry Thompson. He very gravely replyed, Ay he had a mad Horse.
1967	A professor of interpretation in the school of speech at Northwestern university, Evanston, Dr. Lee will present a program entitled "In Other Words," a collection of contemporary writing. Dr. Lee appeared on television programs for CBS and NBC (modern poetry series) and served as reader for the Dartmouth reading project and Voices of Literature, recorded to vinyl by DePaul university.
1967	Diana Gordon to Speak at NexusThe topic for Nexus for the April 28 meeting will be "Where are the Political and Social Painters Today," as presented by Diana Gordon. Everyone interested in dis¬cussing timely subjects with their peers is invited to drop In on any Friday evening at 848 Lake st., Oak Park. Nexus is open from 8 p.m. and the only charge is 15 cents for the first cup of coffee. Further information on the meetings may be had by calling 848-4920.
1967	"A Midsummer Night's Dream" will be presented by the students at Oak Park-River Forest high school April 28 and 29 at 8 p.m., in the high school auditorium, East ave. and Ontario St. The play is under the direction of Harold Lee Radford. Tickets at $1 may be obtained by calling the school office, Euclid 3-0700.
1967	Gerald M. Capers J r . , chairman of the history department at Newcomb college (women's division of Tulane university) will recount facts of the lower Mississippi valley, heroes and experiences, Friday noon, April 28, at the High Twelve club luncheon at the Oak Park Arms hotel.A native of New Orleans, Dr. Capers holds a Ph.D. from Yale, and has advanced in the teaching profession from instructor to his present position. Recently, in 1960, he was awarded a Gugenheim fellowship, and has authored several books, including biographies of Douglas and Calhoun. His career was interrupted by World War II, from which he emerged as a captain in the air force.
1967	Data Systems Technician Third Class David R. Terry, son of Mrs. Virginia Terry of Circle ave., Forest Park, Is on station in the south Atlantic aboard the command communications ship Wright, which was available as a communications link for the Latin American summit meeting in Punta del Este, Uruguay.The mission of his ship is to provide command and control facilities to top echelon commands and staffs. It carries the most extensive communications facilities ever put aboard ship, and its "voice of command" can be sent to any ship, aircraft or station in the world.
1921	NEW YORK. Dec 17—Following a conference between the advisory council of the major leagues and representatives of the minors here today, proposal were prepared for a revision of the draft rules. At the close of the meeting the following official statement was made:”The question has arisen what to do about the draft. It is a principle of baseball that the player must advance in his profession according to his skill. One player of each AA or A club shall be eligible to selection or draft after close of its season each year, the selecting club to pay in cash upon exercising the right sum of $5000 to the AA club or $4000 to the A club.
1921	The children were arranged in a parade, led by Fletcher Parker, director of the city mission units. A trumpeter sounded a Christ mats anthem as the children marched to the tree. At a given signal ail squatted on the floor about the big tree and sang: 'Noel, Noel." Candy, cakes and fruits were distributed, and while the feasting was in progress Christmas stories were told. Mayor was given a rousing cheer as he was introduced to the children as “the mayor who procured the Boston Common Frog Pond for the children fro swimming and wading”.
1921	Suggestion for radical changes in the manner of conducting championship tournaments are contained in reports of subcommittees of the United States Tennis Association submitted today. Recommendation was made that such Davis Cup ties as shall be played in this country be held the first three weeks of the August and distributed among one or more of the following cities: New York, Chicago, Newport, Boston and Philadelphia.
1921	The Election Commissioners announced yesterday forenoon that a recount or the Curley-Murphy vote in the recent Mayoralty contest, will begin tomorrow morning at 9:30 at Faneuil Hall.At the same time clerks of the Election Department will start a recount of the vote for the first five positions in the City Council fight, on petition of George E. Ferrelera of the South End, an ex-policeman who finished fourth, more than 800 votes behind City Councilor John A. Donoghuc who was declared re-elected.Joseph Lundy, counsel for Mayor-Elect James M. Curley. visited tho Election Commissioners at City Hall Annex yesterday, and examined the Murphy re-count petition papers from 35 wards, bearing 1300 names. He raised no objection other than the minor one that there seemed to him to be a similarity in hand writing on the petition from Ward 8in the Back Bay section.
1936	2-ROOM HOUSE, MODERN; DANDY MODERN: DANDY FOR bachelors
1936	CHRYSLER COACH FOR SALE: A-l condition:cheap 1914 Grand avenue
1936	BUICK COACH: NEW RUBBER AND battery; reasonable. 1611 East First
1936	Chevrolet Coupe 1933 , $125. Here’s afire buy. Original maroon finish. Free wheeling, special wheels and tires. Special Deluxe horn
1949	comparison of automobile prices in the last 25 years shows the effect of increased,productivity, of investment of profits in progress, and then of halted - production, coupled with increase in the money supply, the forum panel in the Citizens Foundation series "What Everyone Should Know About Business" agreed last night. The bank deposits rise was due mostly to Government borrowing to pay the cost of the war. The result, Kline got the panel to agree, was a pile-up of savings, which, coupled, with the  demand for goods, created inflation
1949	A full-fledged report on. the world assignment and activities of the Army will be given on Army-Day, the officer said. "We realize that only through a well-informed citizenry can the Army] hope to achieve its objective of securing the peace” CoL Huddleston observed.
1949	$40 Price for its classic wearability and well-bred looks. Sportleigh tailoredon thoroughbred, spring weight virgin wool covert. Smart accent on back and Dandy collar,10-20 and 7-15. Sand- piper tan, harbor blue, gull gray.
1949	Sears Famous Kenmore Completely Automatic Washer.It's like magic—food-It, set it and forget it. Washes all kinds of clothes amazingly clean, automatically. Rinses ail clothes 7 times, automatically. Spins all clothes damp dry, automatically. Two little dials do all the work—no watching, no waiting— just load the clothes, set the dial,add soap—that's all.
